I've seen you around right there I mean
somewhere we've if we ever cousin even
the voice oh oh you does academic
decathlon I think oh I knows I'm a party
uh there's a great party really great
yeah beautiful house
lot of Windows you were there for like
two seconds that was longer than two
second - he disappeared no no I did not
disappear yes you did you disappeared
like you always do but you didn t see
too
that's terrible what happened down there
in DC though very scared I bet you're
glad having your old pal spider-man
showed up in the elevator though yeah I
I actually didn't go up I saw it off on
the ground
very lucky that he was there that day
don't spider-man
dad light
here yeah
into the line you hid in there gumdrop
I'm gonna give Peter the dad talk don't
let him intimidate you
love you gumdrop
[Music]
does she know know what so she does good
close to the vest I admire that I've got
a few secrets of my own all the reason I
didn't want my daughter to date theater
nothing more important than family
he saved my daughter's life and I could
never forget something like that so I
would give you one chance are you ready
walk through those doors you forget any
of this happened
and don't you ever ever interfere with
my business again because if you do I'll
kill you and everybody you love
I'll kill you dead that's what I'll do
to protect my family people understand
Hey
you just save your life no what do you
say thank you you're welcome
now you're going in there you show my
daughter a good time okay just not to
put
[Music]